so big sis it's got my haircut looks
kind of nappy right now you know so I
saw new haircuts do they don't ever look
real good i got i need to go wash wash
my hair and it'll look better anyway
this is a you know what I'm in my
parents house so you know everything
it's time for cutie oh my god yeah Kenny
so excited oh I'll kiedy come back come
back ain't your dingy foods come back in
history is kitty don't leave me Katy let
me hang it's time yeah oh ok smacking
around you like that you do I know you
do then act like you don't whatever
whoever OOP this is the UH which is a
bench I was in a bitch as a table my
brother made but it was like a bitch
yeah we use it for a bitch there's no
brother right there talking to our early
cousin
you know quitaque
we'll talk about oh oh that's tweeting
about it I was waiting to get my hair
cut and uh can even watch so what's all
right getting a haircut in the girl I
came in sat down he's like he was the
next available person I've membered a
big hurry I'm get married and I gotta
something ideal something my hair and
some color and I need two ends cut and
anyway for my deduction I would say is
going to be one high-class wedding no
not at all but anyway after she left
some of the ladies they were like I had
their phone out and they're like this is
who she's marrying I guess I knew her
and they all started laughing about it
it wasn't like the good he's cute kinda
laugh is like s bunny spy like old or
something hold the old nasty old creeper
dude Judy what we could any love hearing
go over you like it ooh kitty yes oh
you're so full well me hey it's coming
off no off wait see you guys later